It is said that on the surface of my house
Just to bring out the morning light
That's good.
We're here for him
It's just that no one has seen the dawn
Can you find him?
Don't worry, Chenxi and I are the Gu family
Hey, even if it's a money hit this time
Are you going to poach him from the Shen family?
How can you thank me after it's done?
Don't worry.
The wind and clouds go big star Su Lanyan
Where is the end of the smoking star?
I saw it.
Mr. Shen, long time no see?
Hello, do you mean the big star still remembers me?
Mr. Shen is so handsome, naturally it is not a compliment
Did you recognize it without makeup?
Didn't you say I was light?
In this circle
I'm naturally well-connected
So I heard.
Miss Chenxi, the gold producer of Qibeast Media
On the spot
I don't know who it is
Mr. Yu from the district
Wang Yuguo Bureau Organization
I don't want to close it.
he
It should also be for the first gold medal producer
Suddenly alerted the two bosses of the entertainment industry
Now there's a good show to watch
By Mr. Yu's side is Song Nan Yanran
Chenxi single-handedly supports the first-line travel at most
Now also an international superstar
The real person looks better than the screen
Why is Su Nanyan here?
He was held out by the morning light
No no
Don't let him see you.
Mr. Yu
This is our odd number one gold medal producer Chenxi
I'm his fiance.
My name is Ye Chenxi.
dare not be
Thanks to the care of peers, oops.
Unexpectedly, the legendary Miss Chenxi
Still a beautiful woman
Mr. Yu, you have flattered me.
Gu Jingxi
You can't eat grapes and say grapes are sour, right?
Now there are doubts
I see how you still pretend
Dawn